Add `zenstruck/messenger-monitor-bundle` recipe (#1780)
symfony/recipes-contrib: zenstruck/messenger-monitor-bundle/0.5/post-install.txt

* You're almost ready to use zenstruck/messenger-monitor-bundle!

* First, create a migration with <comment>symfony console make:migration</comment>
  and run it with <comment>symfony console doctrine:migrations:migrate</comment>.

> * Visit <comment>/admin/monitor</comment> as a user with <comment>ROLE_ADMIN</comment>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Visit <comment>/admin/messenger</comment> as a user with <comment>ROLE_ADMIN</comment> to see the dashboard UI.
```
